Docs: Add 'tenant_id' for Loki clients (Auditing & Analytics) (#63098)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-security/audit-grafana.md

url = localhost:9095
# Defaults to true. If true, it establishes a secure connection to Loki
tls = true

> # Set the tenant id for Loki communications. Disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set the tenant ID for Loki communications, which is disabled by default.
```

> # Mandatory to interact with Loki running in multi-tenant mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The tenant ID is required to interact with Loki running in multi-tenant mode.
```
